ECS formatter for JUL (java.util.logging) (#69)
elastic/ecs-logging-java: jul-ecs-formatter/README.md

# ECS formatter for JUL

Formatter for JUL (java.util.logging) which produce ECS-compatible records. May be useful for applications which use JUL as primary logging framework (e.g. Apache Tomcat).

## Step 1: add dependency

Latest version: [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/co.elastic.logging/jul-ecs-formatter.svg)](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:co.elastic.logging%20AND%20a:jul-ecs-formatter)

Add a dependency to your application
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>co.elastic.logging</groupId>
    <artifactId>jul-ecs-formatter</artifactId>
    <version>${ecs-logging-java.version}</version>
</dependency>
```

> In some case you may `jul-ecs-formatter` and `ecs-logging-core` jars manually to the classpath. For example to the `$CATALINA_HOME/lib` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not using a dependency management tool, like maven, you have to add both, `jul-ecs-formatter` and `ecs-logging-core` jars manually to the classpath. For example to the `$CATALINA_HOME/lib` directory.
```
